gh-135768: fix allowed/blocked IPv6 domains in `http.cookiejar` (#135771)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-20-17-03-51.gh-issue-135768.DhUJWf.rst

> :mod:`http.cookiejar` now supports IPv6 address in blocked_domains and allowed_domains of class DefaultCookiePolicy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`http.cookiejar`: fix allowed and blocked IPv6 domains
in :class:`~http.cookiejar.DefaultCookiePolicy`.
```
